ID	Label	Examples	Semantic Gloss
0	Magn	heavy rain,bad accident,huge advantage,heady alcohol,thunderous applause,avid attention,enormous benefit,infinite capacity,powerful champion,violent clash	Intense, strong degree, an intensifier of semantic relation for base lexeme. Intensify the base lexeme to a high level, strengthening its semantic relation with the associated concept via the collocate lexeme.
1	AntiMagn	slight accent,general account,young age,reluctant applause,poor argument,little attention,narrow gap,faint hope,cursory illustration,homely meal	Slight and weak degree, a de-intensifier, Weaken meaning intensity, diminishing the semantic relationship between the base lexeme and its associated concept.
2	Ver	successful attempt,steady improvement,clear message,rightful owner,fair question,safe return,stable situation,speak fluently,plain truth,accurate source	Real, genuine; As it should be; Meet intended requirements.
3	AntiVer	groundless accusation,unprovoked aggression,baseless allegation,misguided approach,vain attempt,mistaken belief,unhealthy competition,harsh conditions,inadequate coverage,criticize unjustly	Non-genuine, Characterize something as non-genuine, not authentic, not in its intended or proper state, and not meeting the required standards or expectations.
4	IncepPredPlus	blood pressure rises,concern grows,crisis deepens,influence increases,outrage grows,prices soar,gather strength,wind picks up,violence spirales,toll climbs	Start to increase., Denote the initiation of a process or action that leads to an increase or enhancement of something.
5	FinFunc0	ban expires,clouds clear,flames go out,flood recedes,hope dies,marriage breaks up,negotiations collapse,power goes down,rain ceases,record tumbles	End.existence, The value means "the base word of FinFunc0 ceases to be experienced".
6	Fact0	bill passes,blood rushes,bomb explodes,bus runs,cattle graze,condition holds,dream comes true,fountain plays,heart beats,joke comes off	Fact, to fulfill the requirement of base word, and the argument of this function fulfills its own requirement.
7	CausFunc0	lead agreement,pose condition,brew coffee,create crisis,cause damage,set date,cause difficuties,hold elections,provide evidence,start fire	The agent does something so that the event denoted by the noun occurs, Do something so that base word begins occurring.
8	Caus1Func0	open account,sign contract,set deadline,make difference,shoot film,take picture,make plan,draw portrait,undertake reform,build relation	To cause something to exist, the relation realizes the first argument of the base word as subject. 
9	CausFact0	lay barbed wire,draw blood,detonate bomb,complete circuit,start engine,bring horror,capture imagination,carry infection,hit light,set up tent	To cause something to function according to its destination., Denote causing something to function according to its intended purpose or destination.
10	CausPredMinus	cut red tape,impair ability,curb abuse,soften anger,lower blood pressure,slash budget,ease concern,reduce influence,drop level,relieve suffering	Cause to decrease., Describe the act of causing a decrease or reduction in something.
11	CausFunc1	give ache,run ad,bring blush,bring catastrophe,cast cloud,sow fear,inspire hope,breathe life,inflict losses,set objective	The non-agentive participant does something such that the event denoted by the noun occurs., A person/object, different from the agent of base word, does something so that base word occurs and has effect on the agent of base word.
12	Son	alarm clock rings,arrow zings,banknotes rustle,battle rumbles,bird chirps,bullet buzzes,bullet zips,cat miaow,cow moo,dog growl	Sound; The base word is usually a noun, and the value means "emit a characteristic sound".
13	Oper1	perform abortion,meet accident,have ache,commit adultery,give advice,carry out airstrike,make analysis,draw conclusion,hold influence,enjoy recovery	perform, do, act something., Represent a light verb linking the event's first participant (subject) with the event's name (direct object).
14	Oper2	undergo analysis,draw applause,get abortion,have attention,get boost,take brunt,receive complaint,win confirmation,meet criticism,write exam	perform, do, act something, the relation realizes the second argument of the base word as subject.
15	LiquFunc0	stop aggression,remove ambiguity,shake balance,break barrier,ruin career,explode claim,shred confidence,resolve conflict,erase file,clean up mess	cause termination of the existence, the collocate word means "the base word of LiquFunc0 ceases to be experienced"
16	Bon	fresh bread,brilliant career,fine compliment,mint condition,valuable contribution,fair criticism,sweet deal,healthy diet,heavenly dream,green energy	A positive evaluation or perception of something.
17	AntiBon	undue advantage,naked aggression,evil atmosphere,vicious attack,improper bargain,unethical behavior,rancid butter,lemon car,shabby clothes,gaudy color	A negative assessment or perception of something.
18	IncepOper1	get upper hand,adopt point of view,get cold feet,gain access,reach agreement,slip anarchy,make assumption,lauch attack,enter competition,suffer damage	Begin to do, perform, experience, carry out base word., Signify the start of an action or event, linking the event's subject with its name using a light verb.
19	FinOper1	lose accent,give up assumption,loose balance,blackout conscience,abandon efforts,loose influence,rise obscurity,sick recover,withdraw support,habit fall out	Cease or terminate doing something.
20	Real1	deliver address,ride anchor,keep appointment,hold arrest,flash award,carry bedpan,gain benefit,ride bicycle,fill in blank,push button	Fulfill a requirement imposed by the noun or performing an action typical for the noun., To fulfill the requirement of base word, to act according to base word.
21	Real2	accomplish aim,accept apology,fall attack,receive bullet,ride car,embrace challenge,pay charge,justify confidence,meet criterion,overcome difficulty	Acting as expected. Something be realized as expected, Do with regard to A that which is normally expected of second participant.
22	AntiReal2	repel aggression,dismiss appeal,reject application,repulse attack,defy authority,call bluff,disregard complaint,fail exam,swallow insult,defy law	Not acting as expected. Something not be realized as expected., The value is negation of an internal element of the argument of this function.
